title: APUG Meetup February 14 2024
date: 22 January 2024
author: Robert McWilliam

Our next session will take place on 14th February 2024. This is a physical even with the option to attend virtually. Please note our [policy on reducing the spread of infectious diseases](https://codethecity.org/policy-for-reducing-the-spread-of-infectious-diseases/) such as Covid-19.

The format is (roughly)

* 18:00 Pizza for those who are joining us in person
* 18:30 Talk - "Spread The Word in Python" - Carlos Moreno-Garcia
* 19:15 A practical challenge
* 20:30 Project round-ups

## Spread The Word in Python

In this talk, Dr Carlos Moreno-Garcia (School of Computing RGU) will show a simple code to manipulate files using Python and "spread a message" across multiple directories. This message can be anything, from a watermark or even extra code which improves (or not!) other files. Standard Python packages will be used in a virtual environment to ensure there's no damage in your operating system!

## Challenge

The talk will be followed by a challenge which attendees can work on in small groups or solo.

So, if you can, bring a laptop or other device that you can run Python on. If you don’t already have Python set up, we can help you with that too. Coding in pairs or small groups (especially mixing beginner and more experiences coders) is strongly encouraged, though you can also code solo.

### Registration

Register for [the meeting](https://ti.to/code-the-city/apug-feb-2024). 

### Keep in touch
We recommend joining our [Slack group](https://join.slack.com/t/codethecity/shared_invite/zt-ebfpmtdt-wMnHGebBCNJTCEInaYCwNw). There you can join the #APUG channel and stay in touch with other attendees, and presenters, suggest talks, and ask questions.  

If you are a beginner looking to get started in Python have a look at our [Learning Resources page](https://pythonaberdeen.github.io/pages/learning-resources.html) where we recommend a free video course on Youtube. 


