title: APUG Meetup September 11th 2024 
date: 21 August 2024
author: Lee A. Christie

Our next session will take place on 11th April 2024.

The format is (roughly)

* 18:00 Pizza for those who are joining us in person
* 18:30 Practical challenges for all levels
* 20:30 Project round-ups

## Coding Challenge Evening

Back by popular demand!

We're back after the summer break with an evening of graded coding challenges.

Coding in pairs or small groups (especially mixing beginner and more experienced coders) is strongly encouraged, though you can also code solo.

If you don’t already have Python set up, we can help you with that too.

This event is orgnanised by a charity - Code The City. CTC suggests a small donation to help with charity admin costs, but if this is a barrier please just change the ticket price to what you can afford.

We're now back to running physical events backed up with an online option.

If you select a physical ticket and it happens that we can not meet physically you will have to attend the Zoom session. If you choose a physical ticket and it goes ahead you will have to comply with any conditions of attendance (eg masks or social distancing) that the venue operators demand at the time.

Those attending the physical space meetup should attend at 6pm for pizza and drinks. The coding session (for online attendees) will be from 6.30pm. Doors will be locked from 6.30pm.

**If tickets are sold out please do not attend as you will be refused entry without a ticket. **

Our booking system is provided by Tito. Their platform is integrated with payment processing by Stripe

### Registration

Register for [the meeting](https://ti.to/code-the-city/apug-sep-2024).

### Challenge Problems

Available on the day on [our GitHub repo](https://github.com/PythonAberdeen/user_group).

### Keep in touch
We recommend joining our [Slack group](https://join.slack.com/t/codethecity/shared_invite/zt-ebfpmtdt-wMnHGebBCNJTCEInaYCwNw). There you can join the #APUG channel and stay in touch with other attendees, and presenters, suggest talks, and ask questions.  

If you are a beginner looking to get started in Python have a look at our [Learning Resources page](https://pythonaberdeen.github.io/pages/learning-resources.html) where we recommend a free video course on Youtube. 


