title: APUG Meetup November 13th 2024 
date: 13 October 2024
author: Lee A. Christie

Our next session will take place on 13th November 2024.

18:00 Pizza for those who are joining us in person
18:30 Intro and practical coding challenges for all levels
20:30 Project round-ups

## "Christmas Coding Challenges" - Dr Lee A. Christie

Join us for a festive edition of the Aberdeen Python User Group (APUG) this November! We're getting into the holiday spirit early with unique Christmas-themed coding challenges inspired by the popular Advent of Code.

Whether you're a seasoned coder or just starting out, bring your laptop, your coding skills, and meet up with other Python coders in Aberdeen.

Those attending the physical space meetup should attend at 6pm for pizza and drinks. The coding session (for online attendees) will be from 6.30pm. Doors will be locked from 6.30pm.

**If tickets are sold out please do not attend as you will be refused entry without a ticket.**

Our booking system is provided by Tito. Their platform is integrated with payment processing by Stripe.

### Registration

Register for [the meeting](https://ti.to/code-the-city/apug-nov-2024).

### Keep in touch

We recommend joining our [Slack group](https://join.slack.com/t/codethecity/shared_invite/zt-ebfpmtdt-wMnHGebBCNJTCEInaYCwNw). There you can join the #APUG channel and stay in touch with other attendees, and presenters, suggest talks, and ask questions.  

If you are a beginner looking to get started in Python have a look at our [Learning Resources page](https://pythonaberdeen.github.io/pages/learning-resources.html) where we recommend a free video course on Youtube. 
