title: APUG Meetup April 10th 2024 
date: 27 March 2024
author: Robert McWilliam

Our next session will take place on 10th April 2024. This is a physical even with the option to attend virtually. Please note our [policy on reducing the spread of infectious diseases](https://codethecity.org/policy-for-reducing-the-spread-of-infectious-diseases/) such as Covid-19.

The format is (roughly)

* 18:00 Pizza for those who are joining us in person
* 18:30 Talk - "Python WebAssembly" - Robert McWilliam
* 19:15 A practical challenge
* 20:30 Project round-ups

## Python WebAssmebly

We will start with a look at what WebAssembly (WASM) is and how it can be used, then look at some of the options for running python code in WASM.This will include

* "official" CPython WASM build.
* Spin SDK https://github.com/fermyon/spin-python-sdk
* Pyodide https://github.com/pyodide/pyodide?tab=readme-ov-file
* marimo https://marimo.io/  Jupyter style notebooks in WASM with an interesting   dataflow model for cell execution
* whatever other interesting things I find while writing the talk :)

Bio: Rob is an electronic engineer, working on FPGAs processing network traffic to stock exchanges. At work he uses python for a variety of testing and debugging things and uses it for a wide range of things in personal projects, from microcontrollers up through bigger computers. 

After the talk we will have one or more challenges for you to attempt - so bring your laptop! 

If you don’t already have Python set up, we can help you with that too. Coding in pairs or small groups (especially mixing beginner and more experiences coders) is strongly encouraged, though you can also code solo.

This event is orgnanised by a charity - Code The City. CTC suggests a small donation to help with charity admin costs, but if this is a barrier please just change the ticket price to what you can afford.

We're now back to running physical events backed up with an online option.

If you select a physical ticket and it happens that we can not meet physically you will have to attend the Zoom session. If you choose a physical ticket and it goes ahead you will have to comply with any conditions of attendance (eg masks or social distancing) that the venue operators demand at the time.

Those attending the physical space meetup should attend at 6pm for pizza and drinks. The coding session (for online attendees) will be from 6.30pm. Doors will be locked from 6.30pm.

### Registration

Register for [the meeting](https://ti.to/code-the-city/apug-apr-2024). 

### Keep in touch
We recommend joining our [Slack group](https://join.slack.com/t/codethecity/shared_invite/zt-ebfpmtdt-wMnHGebBCNJTCEInaYCwNw). There you can join the #APUG channel and stay in touch with other attendees, and presenters, suggest talks, and ask questions.  

If you are a beginner looking to get started in Python have a look at our [Learning Resources page](https://pythonaberdeen.github.io/pages/learning-resources.html) where we recommend a free video course on Youtube. 


