title: APUG Meetup February 12th 2025
date: 5 February 2025
author: Lee A. Christie

Our next session will take place on 12th February 2025.

18:00 Pizza for those who are joining us in person
18:30 Intro and practical coding challenges for all levels
20:30 Project round-ups

## "How green is your code? Evaluating Python's sustainability" - Carlos Moreno Garcia

In this talk, Dr Carlos Moreno-Garcia (Associate Prof in Computing, RGU) will present his latest findings on how the research community is addressing the sustainable computing paradigm. We will discuss Python's energy efficiency and proper practices and explore tools such as Jupyter Energy, which can help users track their code's energy consumption.

**Bio:** Dr Carlos Moreno-Garcia is an Associate Professor at RGU's School of Computing, Engineering and Technology. He has taught and researched Python for more than 10 years in topics such as Computer Vision, Medical Image Analysis and Data Science. He is currently interested in Sustainable AI and AI for Sustainability.

After the talk we will have one or more challenges for you to attempt - so bring your laptop! 

If you don’t already have Python set up, we can help you with that too. Coding in pairs or small groups (especially mixing beginner and more experiences coders) is strongly encouraged, though you can also code solo.

This is our first session in our new premises, which is still a work in progress. That means that **our disability access is not what we want it to be. If you are uncomfortable, or unable to use stairs, please book an online ticket for the Zoom session.** We are working to improve this but it will take a few months.

This event is orgnanised by a charity - Code The City. We suggest a small donation to help with charity admin costs, but if this is a barrier please just change the ticket price to what you can afford.

We're now back to running physical events backed up with an online option.

If you select a physical ticket and it happens that we can not meet physically you will have to attend the Zoom session.

Those attending the physical space meetup should attend at 6pm for pizza and drinks. The coding session (for online attendees) will be from 6.30pm. Doors will be locked from 6.30pm.

**If tickets are sold out please do not attend as you will be refused entry without a ticket.**

Our booking system is provided by Tito. Their platform is integrated with payment processing by Stripe.

### Registration

Register for [the meeting](https://ti.to/code-the-city/apug-feb-2025).

### Keep in touch

We recommend joining our [Slack group](https://bit.ly/join-ctc-slack). There you can join the #APUG channel and stay in touch with other attendees, and presenters, suggest talks, and ask questions.  

If you are a beginner looking to get started in Python have a look at our [Learning Resources page](https://pythonaberdeen.github.io/pages/learning-resources.html) where we recommend a free video course on Youtube. 
