title: Fingerprint Matching with Python - APUG Meetup April 2023
date: 09 March February 2023
author: Ian Watt

Our next session will take place on 12th April 2023. This is a physical even with the option to attend virtually. Please note our [policy on reducing the spread of infectious diseases](https://codethecity.org/policy-for-reducing-the-spread-of-infectious-diseases/) such as Covid-19.

The format is (roughly)

* 18:00 Pizza for those who are joining us in person
* 18:30 Fingerprint Matching with Python
* 19:15 A practical challenge
* 20:30 Project round-ups

## Fingerpring Matching with Python - Dr Carlos Moreno-Garcia

Have you ever wondered how people applied computer vision BEFORE machine learning? 

Nowadays, it is very easy to compile thousands of images and train an algorithm to classify almost anything, but without massive amounts of data or high performance computers, people had to resort to clever tactics "back in the day". 

In this talk, Dr Carlos Moreno-Garcia (Senior Lecturer, RGU) will show a demo code to manually extract features from human fingerprints and perform matching for the recognition of individuals. 

These techniques still have relevance in areas such as biometrics, given the required precision and the few data samples at hand. 

After the demo, attendees will be encouraged to run the code and propose their own upgrades, so bring your computer/laptop for maximum engagement!


If you don’t already have Python set up, we can help you with that too. Coding in pairs or small groups (especially mixing beginner and more experiences coders) is strongly encouraged, though you can also code solo.

### Registration

Register for [the meeting](https://ti.to/code-the-city/apug-apr-2023). 

### Keep in touch
We recommend joining our [Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/codethecity/shared_invite/zt-ebfpmtdt-wMnHGebBCNJTCEInaYCwNw). 

If you are a beginner looking to get started in Python have a look at our [Learning Resources page](https://pythonaberdeen.github.io/pages/learning-resources.html) where we recommend a free video course on Youtube. 


