title: APUG Meetups April 2021
date:  10 March 2021
author: Ian Watt

## The next monthly session, fully online hosted on Zoom 

Our April session which takes place on 14 April 2021 will start at 18:30. 

The format is 

* 18:30 A guest talk from Tony Roberts - "Writing Excel Add-ins in Python"
* 19:15 Project teams in break-out rooms (Beginner and Intermediate). 
* 20:30 Project round-ups


For this month's session the speaker will be Tony Roberts of PyXLL. 

### Writing Excel Add-ins in Python

Learn how to integrate Python into Microsoft Excel and write Excel add-ins in Python with the PyXLL Excel add-in.

In this talk we will look at how and why to write Excel add-ins in Python and some common use cases. We will also look at writing Excel worksheet functions (User Defined Functions) and macros, using Jupyter notebooks embedded in Excel, and how we can use Pandas to make spreadsheets simpler.

Tony has been in the finance industry for over 15 years. He worked as a developer for boutique hedge funds through to some of the largest financial firms before taking on the role of CTO at a successful fintech startup. In 2010 he launched PyXLL, an Excel Add-In with tens of thousands of users in a wide variety of industries, to bridge the gap between Python and Excel. In a previous life he developed graphics engines for console games.


### Registration

Register for [the April meeting](https://ti.to/code-the-city/aberdeen-python-user-group-apr-2021). 

Tickets are free (just change the suggested donation to £0.00), or leave it as is to make a donation to [Code the City](https://codethecity.org) if you wish. 

### Monthly challenges
The project challenges will be announced on [Github](https://github.com/PythonAberdeen/user_group/tree/master/)

### Keep in touch
We recommend joining our [Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/python-aberdeen/shared_invite/zt-gfjps8xe-M9YkWloAUL73blPovaHvFA). 

If you are a beginner looking to get started in Python have a look at our [Learning Resources page](https://pythonaberdeen.github.io/pages/learning-resources.html) where we recommend a free video course on Youtube. 
