title: APUG Meetup August 2023
date: 26 July 2023
author: Robert McWilliam

Our next session will take place on 9th August 2023. This is a physical even with the option to attend virtually. Please note our [policy on reducing the spread of infectious diseases](https://codethecity.org/policy-for-reducing-the-spread-of-infectious-diseases/) such as Covid-19.

The format is (roughly)

* 18:00 Pizza for those who are joining us in person
* 18:30 Talk - details below
* 19:15 A practical challenge
* 20:30 Project round-ups

## "Async python" - Robert McWilliam

Robert will go through some of the async features of python - what it can be useful for and how to use it. 

### Biography

Robert is an electronic engineer who has used python for a variety of work and personal projects. 

## Challenge

After the talk at each APUG session we have a coding challenge for attendees - often based on the talk topic, and normally announced on the night. Challenges can be tackled in small groups or solo. 

So, if you can, bring a laptop or other device that you can run Python on. If you don’t already have Python set up, we can help you with that too. Coding in pairs or small groups (especially mixing beginner and more experiences coders) is strongly encouraged, though you can also code solo.

### Registration

Registration link to follow shortly...

### Keep in touch
We recommend joining our [Slack group](https://join.slack.com/t/codethecity/shared_invite/zt-ebfpmtdt-wMnHGebBCNJTCEInaYCwNw). There you can join the #APUG channel and stay in touch with other attendees, and presenters, suggest talks, and ask questions.  

If you are a beginner looking to get started in Python have a look at our [Learning Resources page](https://pythonaberdeen.github.io/pages/learning-resources.html) where we recommend a free video course on Youtube. 


