title: APUG Meetup December 2021
date:  6 December 2021
author: Robert McWilliam

## Hosted online using Zoom but with the option of attending a physical meetup

Our December session which takes place on 8 December 2021 will start at 18:30. 

The format is:

* 18:30 A guest talk from _Dr Lee Christie - (Christmas) Wrappers and Decorators ""_ 
* 19:15 Project teams in break-out rooms (Beginner and Intermediate). 
* 20:30 Project round-ups

__ As an experiment we are reintroducing physical tickets as well as online ones. Please choose carefully.__ 

## Ticket Options
This event is orgnanised by a charity - [Code The City](https://codethecity.org). CTC suggests a small donation to help with charity admin costs, but if this is a barrier please just change the cost to what you can afford.

There are now two options:

### Online ticket

The session streamed on Zoom  as we have been running for 18 months.

### Physical Space Ticket

This ticket is for a face to face meeting at the [57 North Hackspace](https://57north.org.uk/contact) ie NOT the online session that we have been running for 18 months). Only book this ticket if you want to attend a physical meet-up.  

_Attending the Hackspace comes with the following __non-negotiable__ conditions._ 

* The hackspace is participating in the Scottish Government's contact tracing programme. You will find purple posters at the entrance to the space and around the space that contain QR codes. Please scan the QR code and provide your contact details. If you are unable to scan a QR code, there is a link to type into your browser. If you cannot use the link, ask someone else to check in for you and provide them with your email address and phone number. 
* Please note that contact tracing is a requirement of attending PyUG in person, and is not negotiable. If you do not provide tracing details you will be asked to leave. 
* As we emerge from this global disaster, some will understandably be cautious about being in new spaces. Please respect people's boundaries by maintaining social distancing and wearing a mask as you move around the space. If you are sat down, you can take off your mask to have easier access to your face if needed for eating or drinking. Use common sense and remember this is a shared space. * As this event is open to the public, the wearing of a face covering while "not seated, eating or drinking" is a LEGAL REQUIREMENT. 
* We will have windows open to get air flowing through the space. It could be a good idea to bring a jumper or something as the space could be a little cooler than you might expect because of this.


### Registration

Register for either kind of ticket for [the December meeting](https://ti.to/code-the-city/aberdeen-python-user-group-dec-2021/). 

Both types of tickets are free (just change the suggested donation to £0.00), or leave it as is to make a donation to our charity, [Code the City](https://codethecity.org), if you wish. 

### Monthly challenges
The project challenges will be announced on [Github](https://github.com/PythonAberdeen/user_group/tree/master/)

### Keep in touch
We recommend joining our [Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/python-aberdeen/shared_invite/zt-gfjps8xe-M9YkWloAUL73blPovaHvFA). It's the best way to ask questions, get quick updates, share links etc.

Also please [sign up for the Code The City newsletter](https://codethecity.us19.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=3adeab53e085ec40f4064c2fe&id=487e6a84fb). This is emailed out no more than once a month. It contains information of upcoming Python Meetups, data events, hack weekends, and related activity. It has a one-click unsubscribe - but why would you want to with so much good dtuff in it? 

If you are a beginner looking to get started in Python have a look at our [Learning Resources page](https://pythonaberdeen.github.io/pages/learning-resources.html) where we recommend a free video course on Youtube. 
