title: APUG Meetup December 13 2023
date: 11 November 2023
author: Robert McWilliam
Status: draft

Our next session will take place on 8th November 2023. This is a physical even with the option to attend virtually. Please note our [policy on reducing the spread of infectious diseases](https://codethecity.org/policy-for-reducing-the-spread-of-infectious-diseases/) such as Covid-19.

The format is (roughly)

* 18:00 Pizza for those who are joining us in person
* 18:30 Talk - "The Importance of Testing your Python Code" - Arturo Regalado
* 19:15 A practical challenge
* 20:30 Project round-ups

## The Importance of Testing your Python Code

n this talk, Arturo Regalado will dive into the crucial, yet often neglected, world of testing in data science. He will explore how using “pytest” and implementing the right testing strategy can elevate the integrity and durability of your code. Learn why thorough testing is a critical step in the development process that helps identify errors early and ensures that your analyses remain consistent through changes.

Be prepared to roll up your sleeves, as the session includes a workshop where you'll apply these concepts to real-world scenarios, gaining hands-on experience in creating more robust data science projects.

### Biography

Arturo is a PhD Candidate in Economics at the University of Aberdeen and is currently a KTP associate in Computer Vision and Deep Learning at Eserv International and RGU. He has practical experience carrying out data science projects across a range of industries and applications.

## Challenge

The talk will be followed by a challenge which attendees can work on in small groups or solo.

So, if you can, bring a laptop or other device that you can run Python on. If you don’t already have Python set up, we can help you with that too. Coding in pairs or small groups (especially mixing beginner and more experiences coders) is strongly encouraged, though you can also code solo.

### Registration

Register for [the meeting](https://ti.to/code-the-city/apug-dec-2023). 

### Keep in touch
We recommend joining our [Slack group](https://join.slack.com/t/codethecity/shared_invite/zt-ebfpmtdt-wMnHGebBCNJTCEInaYCwNw). There you can join the #APUG channel and stay in touch with other attendees, and presenters, suggest talks, and ask questions.  

If you are a beginner looking to get started in Python have a look at our [Learning Resources page](https://pythonaberdeen.github.io/pages/learning-resources.html) where we recommend a free video course on Youtube. 


