title: APUG Meetup February 2023
date: 12 January 2023
author: Ian Watt

Our next session will take place on 8th February 2023. This is a physical even with the option to attend virtually. Please note our [policy on reducing the spread of infectious diseases](https://codethecity.org/policy-for-reducing-the-spread-of-infectious-diseases/) such as Covid-19.

The format is 

* 18:00 Pizza for those who are joining us in person
* 18:30 Introduction presentation
* 19:00 Work on coding challenge
* 20:30 Project round-ups

## Special Workshop -  Lee A. Christie

For February at Aberdeen Python User Group, we have a special coding challenge (suitable for all levels of experience from absolute beginner to expert) by Lee A. Christie, a Research Fellow researching Computational Intelligence at Robert Gordon University’s National Subsea Centre.

The task will be to write an AI for a simple game, created for this event. The details will be announced on the night we will begin with a short presentation walk-through for how to get started.We will provide support for you are encouraged to BYOL (bring your own laptop).

If you don’t already have Python set up, we can help you with that too. Coding in pairs or small groups (especially mixing beginner and more experiences coders) is strongly encouraged, though you can also code solo.

### Registration

Register for [the meeting](https://ti.to/code-the-city/apug-feb-2023). 

### Keep in touch
We recommend joining our [Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/python-aberdeen/shared_invite/zt-gfjps8xe-M9YkWloAUL73blPovaHvFA). 

If you are a beginner looking to get started in Python have a look at our [Learning Resources page](https://pythonaberdeen.github.io/pages/learning-resources.html) where we recommend a free video course on Youtube. 


