title: APUG Meetup February 2022
date: 24 January 2022
author: Ian Watt

## This month's APUG session

Our February session will take place on 09 February 2022. It will start at 18:30. 

The format is 

* 18:30 Talk: Arturo Regalado - "Deploying your data analytics Python project using Heroku"
* 19:00 Project teams in break-out rooms (Beginner and Intermediate). 
* 20:30 Project round-ups


### Description

Tools such as web scraping and data mining are useful to get insights from data, nonetheless, another key part of a project of this nature is how to share all of the generated knowledge with other people. In this talk, Arturo Regalado will talk us through some of the most common issues and tricks needed in order to deploy a dashboard or data analytics project online using a popular framework called Heroku.

### Biography
Arturo is a doctoral researcher with the University of Aberdeen and the National Decommissioning Centre. His research interest remains in the study of the economic  effects  of  financial  security  instruments  in  decommissioning  of  oil  and  gas structures. He is an  economist  and  data  analyst  with  five  years  of  experience  in  processing  and interpreting data to give actionable insights to decision makers. His previous experience in the energy sector includes market advisory on oil and natural gas markets with special emphasis in  modelling  energy  demand-supply  outlooks  as  well  as  financial  modelling  of  upstream activity. He has also worked for the Mexican Government in agencies like the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the National Anticorruption System where he developed predictive and machine-learning models to increase evidence-based decision making for the public sector. He holds a MSc in Petroleum, Energy Economics and Finance from the University of Aberdeen, where  he  studied  the  effects  of  auction  design  on  investment  and  deployment  of  renewable energy projects,  and a BA in Economics from the National Autonomous University of Mexico.

### Registration

We hope to ve able to have both a physical and online version of this meetup. We are waiting to hear from our hosts One Techhub on whether they will be open and what the conditions of attending would be. If you select a physical ticket and it happens that we can not meet physically you will have to attend the Zoom session. If you choose a physical ticket and it goes ahead you will have to comply with any conditions of attendance (eg masks or social distancing) that the venue operators demand at the time. 

Register to attend [the February meeting](https://ti.to/code-the-city/aberdeen-python-user-group-feb-2022).


Tickets are by donation - we suggest £5 to help with the running costs of [Code the City](https://codethecity.org). 

### Monthly challenges
The project challenges will be announced on [Github](https://github.com/PythonAberdeen/user_group/tree/master/)

### Keep in touch
We recommend joining our [Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/python-aberdeen/shared_invite/zt-gfjps8xe-M9YkWloAUL73blPovaHvFA). 

If you are a beginner looking to get started in Python have a look at our [Learning Resources page](https://pythonaberdeen.github.io/pages/learning-resources.html) where we recommend a free video course on Youtube. 


