title: APUG Meetup July 2023
date: 26 June 2023
author: Ian Watt

Our next session will take place on 12th June 2023. This is a physical even with the option to attend virtually. Please note our [policy on reducing the spread of infectious diseases](https://codethecity.org/policy-for-reducing-the-spread-of-infectious-diseases/) such as Covid-19.

The format is (roughly)

* 18:00 Pizza for those who are joining us in person
* 18:30 Talk - details below
* 19:15 A practical challenge
* 20:30 Project round-ups

## "Pytorch - an Introduction to Machine Learning" -  Steven Wallace

Steven will give an introduction to deep learning using PyTorch, including neural network theory for programmers unfamiliar with the concepts and presenting challenges trained on a CPU version of PyTorch to give everyone a chance to get a model trained by the end of the session.

### Biography

Steven is about to start a PhD in Computer Vision at University of Aberdeen.

## Challenge

After the talk at each APUG session we have a coding challenge for attendees - often based on the talk topic, and normally announced on the night. Challenges can be tackled in small groups or solo. 

So, if you can, bring a laptop or other device that you can run Python on. If you don’t already have Python set up, we can help you with that too. Coding in pairs or small groups (especially mixing beginner and more experiences coders) is strongly encouraged, though you can also code solo.

### Registration

Register for [the meeting](https://ti.to/code-the-city/apug-july-2023). 

### Keep in touch
We recommend joining our [Slack group](https://join.slack.com/t/codethecity/shared_invite/zt-ebfpmtdt-wMnHGebBCNJTCEInaYCwNw). There you can join the #APUG channel and stay in touch with other attendees, and presenters, suggest talks, and ask questions.  

If you are a beginner looking to get started in Python have a look at our [Learning Resources page](https://pythonaberdeen.github.io/pages/learning-resources.html) where we recommend a free video course on Youtube. 


