title: APUG Meetup June 2023
date: 10 May 2023
author: Ian Watt

Our next session will take place on 14th June 2023. This is a physical even with the option to attend virtually. Please note our [policy on reducing the spread of infectious diseases](https://codethecity.org/policy-for-reducing-the-spread-of-infectious-diseases/) such as Covid-19.

The format is (roughly)

* 18:00 Pizza for those who are joining us in person
* 18:30 Talk - details below
* 19:15 A practical challenge
* 20:30 Project round-ups

## "Exploring Companies data with Companies House API  and Python" -  Rory Gianni

A Python-based introduction to the Companies House API. This covers making requests and trying to gather data while overcoming the idiosyncrasies of the CH API.

### Biography

Rory is a technology trainer and consultant into all things creative and civic tech. Rory is co-founder of conversational AI company, inChat (https://inchat.design).  He recently started a blog and channel called Creating with Data which covers various data and visualisation topics.


## Challenge

After the talk at each APUG session we have a coding challenge for attendees - often based on the talk topic, and normally announced on the night. Challenges can be tackled in small groups or solo. 

So, if you can, bring a laptop or other device that you can run Python on. If you don’t already have Python set up, we can help you with that too. Coding in pairs or small groups (especially mixing beginner and more experiences coders) is strongly encouraged, though you can also code solo.

### Registration

Register for [the meeting](https://ti.to/code-the-city/apug-jun-2023). 

### Keep in touch
We recommend joining our [Slack group](https://join.slack.com/t/codethecity/shared_invite/zt-ebfpmtdt-wMnHGebBCNJTCEInaYCwNw). There you can join the #APUG channel and stay in touch with other attendees, and presenters, suggest talks, and ask questions.  

If you are a beginner looking to get started in Python have a look at our [Learning Resources page](https://pythonaberdeen.github.io/pages/learning-resources.html) where we recommend a free video course on Youtube. 


