title: APUG Meetup June 2022
date: 23 May 2022
author: Ian Watt

# APUG 08 June 2022
This will be a physical meetup, although online access via Zoom will be provided for those who require it.

The talk for this month is

## Open Data Scotland - Crowdsourcing and aggregating open datasets across the country

[Open Data Scotland](https://opendata.scot) is an open-source, collaborative, and volunteer run project which helps people locate and understand Open Data in Scotland better. The project which emerged from a weekend hack event at [Code The City 23](https://codethecity.org/ctc23-the-future-of-the-city/) has now been in operation for 1 year and involves pulling data from various data sources; cleaning, processing and collating the data into a standardised store; then publishing the data to an interactive frontend, along with hosted data visualisations. All of this, is to help the public understand what Open Data is available in Scotland

Until CTC26 in May 2022 most of these were manual processed, but these have now been automated using Github Actions which run Python Scrapers and API calls.

Jack, Karen, and Rob will walk through how python and github were used for different parts of the project and open up about the challenges they faced along the way. 

## Group Coding Challenge(s)
After the talks we will have group coding challenges. 

## Speaker Bios

### Jack Gilmore
Jack is a full stack software developer with experience of working in the public sector and academia. He graduated with a BSc (Hons) in Computing Science and Spanish from the University of Stirling in 2019. As an advocate of free and open-source software, many of the projects he has worked on either consume or produce open data. Most recently, making use of his skillset with GIS datasets Jack helped create [OpenWasteMap](https://openwastemap.uk/), a web application which uses data from OpenStreetMap to display recycling centre locations, their accepted materials and opening hours.

### Karen Jewell
Karen is a Data Scientist with a background in Business Management and Analytics, having spent the last 12 years designing, building, and testing data products which help people make decisions. She studied a BA in Business Management and a MSc in Data Science at Robert Gordon University, and is currently studying, again, for a BSc in Mathematics and Statistics at the Open University. In her spare time, Karen also serves on the board of trustees for CodeTheCity, works on the [Open Data Scotland](www.opendata.scot) project, runs half-marathon races, and maintains a 630+ day streak on Duolingo learning Scottish Gaelic.


### Robert
Rob's bio to go here

## Book tickets

You can now [book tickets using Tito](https://ti.to/code-the-city/aberdeen-python-user-group-june-2022).

### Keep in touch

We recommend joining our [Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/python-aberdeen/shared_invite/zt-gfjps8xe-M9YkWloAUL73blPovaHvFA). 

If you are a beginner looking to get started in Python have a look at our [Learning Resources page](https://pythonaberdeen.github.io/pages/learning-resources.html) where we recommend a free video course on Youtube. 
