title: Python and Data - APUG Meetup March 2023
date: 22 February 2023
author: Ian Watt

Our next session will take place on 8th March 2023. This is a physical even with the option to attend virtually. Please note our [policy on reducing the spread of infectious diseases](https://codethecity.org/policy-for-reducing-the-spread-of-infectious-diseases/) such as Covid-19.

The format is (roughly)

* 18:00 Pizza for those who are joining us in person
* 18:30 Python and Data
* 19:15 A look at data scraping in Python and a chance to refactor or fix a previous one
* 20:30 Project round-ups and a look ahead to CTC28 next week

## Python and Data in Code The City's nine year history -  Ian Watt

Over almost a decade Code The City have been working on improving the availabilty of open data across Scotland. 

From scraping leisure centre timetables, to recording data on air quality at scale; from importing 25,000+ records of ship wrecks around our coast into Wikidata to setting up a national portal for open data, we've covered a lot of ground. 

And much of that work has relied, and continues to rely on, having scrapers which gather data for re-purposing as publicly-available open data. 

Join us to hear more, to get involved in fixing scrapers, and to look forward to projects tee'd up for CTC28 next week. 

If you don’t already have Python set up, we can help you with that too. Coding in pairs or small groups (especially mixing beginner and more experiences coders) is strongly encouraged, though you can also code solo.

### Registration

Register for [the meeting](https://ti.to/code-the-city/apug-mar-2023). 

### Keep in touch
We recommend joining our [Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/python-aberdeen/shared_invite/zt-gfjps8xe-M9YkWloAUL73blPovaHvFA). 

If you are a beginner looking to get started in Python have a look at our [Learning Resources page](https://pythonaberdeen.github.io/pages/learning-resources.html) where we recommend a free video course on Youtube. 


