title: APUG Meetups October 2021
date:  29 Sept 2021
author: Ian Watt

## The next monthly session, online hosted on Zoom but with a physical space meetup option

Our October session which takes place on 13 October 2021 will start at 18:30. 

The format is 

* 18:30 A guest talk from Arturo Regalado - "Automate the boring and focus on the exciting"
* 19:15 Project teams in break-out rooms (Beginner and Intermediate). 
* 20:30 Project round-ups

## Details

In this chat, Arturo will share how he uses Python to automate the boring stuff that keeps him from focusing on the exciting part of business analytics: asking questions and finding answers. The tools: web scraping, web app building, and data wrangling. Finally, he will guide you through a short challenge that will involve cleaning and processing time series. 

## Bio

Arturo is a doctoral researcher with the University of Aberdeen and the National Decommissioning Centre. His research interest remains in the study of the
economic  effects  of  financial  security  instruments  in  decommissioning  of  oil  and  gas structures. He is an  economist  and  data  analyst  with  five  years  of  experience  in  processing  and interpreting data to give actionable insights to decision makers. His previous experience in the energy sector includes market advisory on oil and natural gas markets with special emphasis in  modelling  energy  demand-supply  outlooks  as  well  as  financial  modelling  of  upstream activity. He has also worked for the Mexican Government in agencies like the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the National Anticorruption System where he developed predictive and machine-learning models to increase evidence-based decision making for the public sector. He holds a MSc in Petroleum, Energy Economics and Finance from the University of Aberdeen, where  he  studied  the  effects  of  auction  design  on  investment  and  deployment  of  renewable energy projects,  and a BA in Economics from the National Autonomous University of Mexico.

Please note that tickets to events organised by Code The City are free to attend. We suggest a small donation to help with charity admin costs, but if this is a barrier please just change the cost below to £0.00 or what you can afford.

As an experiment we are reintroducing physical tickets as well as online ones. Please choose carefully.

## Ticket Options
Tickets are free (* just change the amount to £0.00). We ask that you consider make a donation to Code The City charity when booking.

### Online ticket

The online streamed by Zoom session of the typoe we've been running for 18 months.

### Physical Space Ticket

This ticket is for a face to face meeting at the [57 North Hackspace](https://57north.org.uk/contact) ie NOT the online session that we have been running for 18 months). Only book this ticket if you want to attend a physical meet-up.  

_Attending the Hackspace comes with the following __non-negotiable__ conditions._ 

* The hackspace is participating in the Scottish Government's contact tracing programme. You will find purple posters at the entrance to the space and around the space that contain QR codes. Please scan the QR code and provide your contact details. If you are unable to scan a QR code, there is a link to type into your browser. If you cannot use the link, ask someone else to check in for you and provide them with your email address and phone number. 
* Please note that contact tracing is a requirement of attending PyUG in person, and is not negotiable. If you do not provide tracing details you will be asked to leave. 
* As we emerge from this global disaster, some will understandably be cautious about being in new spaces. Please respect people's boundaries by maintaining social distancing and wearing a mask as you move around the space. If you are sat down, you can take off your mask to have easier access to your face if needed for eating or drinking. Use common sense and remember this is a shared space. * As this event is open to the public, the wearing of a face covering while "not seated, eating or drinking" is a LEGAL REQUIREMENT. 
* We will have windows open to get air flowing through the space. It could be a good idea to bring a jumper or something as the space could be a little cooler than you might expect because of this.


### Registration

Register for either kind of ticket for [the October meeting](https://ti.to/code-the-city/aberdeen-python-user-group-oct-2021). 

Both types of tickets are free (just change the suggested donation to £0.00), or leave it as is to make a donation to our charity, [Code the City](https://codethecity.org), if you wish. 

### Monthly challenges
The project challenges will be announced on [Github](https://github.com/PythonAberdeen/user_group/tree/master/)

### Keep in touch
We recommend joining our [Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/python-aberdeen/shared_invite/zt-gfjps8xe-M9YkWloAUL73blPovaHvFA). It's the best way to ask questions, get quick updates, share links etc.

Also please [sign up for the Code The City newsletter](https://codethecity.us19.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=3adeab53e085ec40f4064c2fe&id=487e6a84fb). This is emailed out no more than once a month. It contains information of upcoming Python Meetups, data events, hack weekends, and related activity. It has a one-click unsubscribe - but why would you want to with so much good dtuff in it? 

If you are a beginner looking to get started in Python have a look at our [Learning Resources page](https://pythonaberdeen.github.io/pages/learning-resources.html) where we recommend a free video course on Youtube. 
